[Docs] Remove self-highlighting from docs (#1747)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/graph-table-actions.md

A cross-highlight is an example of a cross-parameter where the effect of the intermediate parameter is to highlight data. When a user clicks on one _source_ graph or table, the corresponding data is highlighted in a _target_ graph or table (typically a [custom graph](custom-charts.md)). The highlighting can occur in two ways:

> - _Target highlighting_: The highlighting appears in a target graph that is distinct from the source that was clicked. Below we give examples of highlighting a target graph [from a source table](#cross-highlight-from-table) and [from a source graph](#cross-highlight-from-graph).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cross-highlight is an example of a cross-parameter where the effect of the intermediate parameter is to highlight data. When a user clicks on one _source_ graph or table, the corresponding data is highlighted in a _target_ graph or table (typically a [custom graph](custom-charts.md)).
```
